docs: add PRODUCT.md (#1813)
PrestaShop/autoupgrade: PRODUCT.md

---

## Users

**Agencies and developers**
The main profile in practice. They manage upgrades on behalf of merchants, using the back-office wizard in most cases and the CLI when the context requires it. They have enough technical knowledge to diagnose and react if something goes wrong.

**Merchants**
Some merchants — typically smaller stores — run the upgrade themselves via the back-office wizard. Others generally delegate to an agency or developer due to store complexity.

---

## Key flows

### Update wizard (5 steps)

**1. Version selection**
The user selects the target PrestaShop version. Requirements (PHP version, file permissions, module compatibility) are checked at this stage.

**2. Update options**
The user configures behaviour before the update runs:
- Uninstall incompatible modules (default: on)
- Regenerate email templates (default: on)
- Disable all overrides (default: off)

**3. Backup (optional)**
Creates a snapshot of store files and the database. Mandatory prerequisite if a restore is needed later.

```
BackupInitialization
→ BackupFiles
→ BackupDatabase
→ BackupComplete

> ```

Reviewer: This part is quite technical as it uses the class names, I would either:
- Remove it
- Use step that are more user oriented

**4. Update**
Downloads or reads a local archive, replaces store files, runs SQL migrations, updates modules.

```
UpdateInitialization
→ Download (online) or Unzip (local)
→ DownloadModules
→ UninstallModules
→ UpdateFiles
→ UpdateDatabase
→ UpdateModules
→ CleanDatabase
→ UpdateComplete

> ```

Reviewer: This part is quite technical as it uses the class names, I would either:
- Remove it
- Use step that are more user oriented

Author: Yes, I agree with you, that's already the refined part from the initial work but if you feel still technical, gonna check again.

Author: Finally, decided to remove sub-steps, the 5 general steps seem to me enough for a user point of view.

Three update channels:
- `online` — latest PS version compatible with server PHP
- `online_recommended` — recommended version based on PHP
- `local` — ZIP + XML archive placed manually on the server

**5. Post-update**
Confirms the update is complete and surfaces any follow-up actions.

### Restore
Suggested automatically if the update fails. Can also be triggered manually at any point from the back office or CLI, as long as a backup exists.

```
RestoreInitialization
→ RestoreFiles
→ RestoreDatabase
→ RestoreComplete

> ```

Reviewer: This part is quite technical as it uses the class names, I would either:
- Remove it
- Use step that are more user oriented

---

## Business rules

- **Version support**: PrestaShop >= 1.7, PHP >= 7.1.

> - **Batch processing**: Files and SQL are handled in configurable batches to avoid server timeouts.

Reviewer: I believe that's technical details that don't really belong here

Author: Removed @Quetzacoalt91

> - **Module compatibility**: Incompatible modules are uninstalled before upgrade; updated versions are fetched from local sources, Composer, or the PrestaShop Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Module compatibility**: Incompatible modules are uninstalled before upgrade; updated versions are fetched from the PrestaShop release or the Marketplace.
```
